##############################################
#    Generic / Web Design / Web Host
##############################################
ihc.ru                                    #Generic
tenten.vn                                 #Generic
whc.ca                                    #Generic
brainydns.com                             #Generic
dotster.com                               #Generic
heteml.jp                                 #Generic
eurodns.com                               #Generic
he.net                                    #Generic
mdnsservice.com                           #Generic
dondominio.com                            #Generic
amenworld.com                             #Generic
contabo.net                               #Generic
data-hotel.net                            #Generic
dnshotel.dk                               #Generic
123hotel.dk                               #Generic
1and1-dns.biz                             #Generic
1and1-dns.com                             #Generic
1and1-dns.co.uk                           #Generic
1and1-dns.org                             #Generic
1clickcloud.co                            #Generic
1clickcloud.co.uk                         #Generic
1clickcloud.info                          #Generic
1clickcloud.net                           #Generic
1clickcloud.uk                            #Generic
1stdomains.net.nz                         #Generic
a2hosting.com                             #Generic
agenturserver.co                          #Generic
agenturserver.de                          #Generic
agenturserver.it                          #Generic
akam.net                                  #Generic
alidns.com                                #Generic
anycast.me                                #Generic
ardeleted.com                             #Generic
a.register.com                            #Generic
arubadns.cz                               #Generic
arubadns.net                              #Generic
arvancdn.ir                               #Generic
arvixe.com                                #Generic
asurahosting.com                          #Generic
azure-dns.com                             #Generic
azure-dns.info                            #Generic
azure-dns.net                             #Generic
azure-dns.org                             #Generic
banahosting.com                           #Generic
bdm.microsoftonline.com                   #Generic
beget.com                                 #Generic
beget.pro                                 #Generic
beget.ru                                  #Generic
bigrock.in                                #Generic
bluehost.com                              #Generic
bluehost.in                               #Generic
bluepark.co.uk                            #Generic
bolinc.net                                #Generic
brandshelter.com                          #Generic
brandshelter.de                           #Generic
brandshelter.info                         #Generic
brandshelter.net                          #Generic
brandshelter.us                           #Generic
brandsight-dns.com                        #Generic
brandsight-dns.net                        #Generic
b.register.com                            #Generic
br.ns.els-gms.att.net                     #Generic
cargocollective.com                       #Generic
cdmondns-01.com                           #Generic
cdmondns-01.org                           #Generic
cdmon.net                                 #Generic
cheapdomains.com.au                       #Generic
cloudns.net                               #Generic
cloudpark.by                              #Generic
conoha.io                                 #Generic
constellix.com                            #Generic
constellix.net                            #Generic
crazydomains.com                          #Generic
c.register.com                            #Generic
cscdns.net                                #Generic
ddns1.interlink.or.jp                     #Generic
ddns2.interlink.or.jp                     #Generic
delete-host.com                           #Generic
digitalocean.com                          #Generic
dinahosting.com                           #Generic
discountdomains.co.nz                     #Generic
dns1.co.za                                #Generic
dns2.co.za                                #Generic
dns.com                                   #Generic
dns-diy.com                               #Generic
dnsdotnetpark.info                        #Generic
dnsenable.com                             #Generic
dns-expired.com                           #Generic
dns.gandi.net                             #Generic
dnsgigas.es                               #Generic
dns-h.com                                 #Generic
dnsimple.com                              #Generic
dnsimple-edge.org                         #Generic
dnsmadeeasy.com                           #Generic
dns.ne.jp                                 #Generic
dnsowl.com                                #Generic
dns-parking.com                           #Generic
dnspark.in                                #Generic
dnspod.com                                #Generic
dnspod.net                                #Generic
dnsv.jp                                   #Generic
domain.com                                #Generic
domaincontrol.com                         #Generic
domain-dns.com                            #Generic
domainhotelli.fi                          #Generic
domainnamedns.com                         #Generic
dreamhost.com                             #Generic
d.register.com                            #Generic
driftshotellet.com                        #Generic
dyna-ns.net                               #Generic
earthlink.net                             #Generic
earth.orderbox-dns.com                    #Generic
easydns.com                               #Generic
easydns.net                               #Generic
easydns.org                               #Generic
easyonnet.com                             #Generic
easywebbhotell.se                         #Generic
emu-dns.com                               #Generic
epik,com                                  #Generic
eukdns.com                                #Generic
expired-ns.com                            #Generic
expired.r01.ru                            #Generic
expirenotification.com                    #Generic
ezoicns.com                               #Generic
fastdns24.com                             #Generic
fastdns24.eu                              #Generic
fastdns24.link                            #Generic
fastdns24.org                             #Generic
first-ns.de                               #Generic
firstvds.ru                               #Generic
forpsi.cz                                 #Generic
forpsi.it                                 #Generic
forpsi.net                                #Generic
forpsi.us                                 #Generic
freeparking.co.nz                         #Generic
gandi.net                                 #Generic
gigaspark.com                             #Generic
globexcamhost.com                         #Generic
gmoserver.jp                              #Generic
gname-dns.com                             #Generic
googledomains.com                         #Generic
greengeeks.com                            #Generic
greengeeks.net                            #Generic
guzelhosting.com                          #Generic
harddrivehotel.com                        #Generic
hawkhost.com                              #Generic
hexonet.net                               #Generic
hichina.com                               #Generic
hospedagemdesites.ws                      #Generic
hostatom.com                              #Generic
hoster.by                                 #Generic
hostgator.com.br                          #Generic
hostgator.com                             #Generic
hostgator.in                              #Generic
host-h.net                                #Generic
hosting.reg.ru                            #Generic
hostmar.com                               #Generic
hostmonster.com                           #Generic
hostpapa.com                              #Generic
hostpapavps.net                           #Generic
hostsilo.com                              #Generic
hoteldaweb.com.br                         #Generic
hover.com                                 #Generic
hpdns.net                                 #Generic
huaweicloud-dns.cn                        #Generic
huaweicloud-dns.com                       #Generic
huaweicloud-dns.net                       #Generic
huaweicloud-dns.org                       #Generic
identityaware.com                         #Generic
infomaniak.com                            #Generic
inhostedns.com                            #Generic
inhostedns.net                            #Generic
inhostedns.org                            #Generic
inmotionhosting.com                       #Generic
i-now.cn                                  #Generic
i-now.com                                 #Generic
insales.ru                                #Generic
interlink.or.jp                           #Generic
intermaxgroup.com                         #Generic
inwx.de                                   #Generic
inwx.eu                                   #Generic
ipage.com                                 #Generic
iphotel.com.br                            #Generic
iwantmyname.net                           #Generic
jimdo.com                                 #Generic
jino.ru                                   #Generic
justhost.com                              #Generic
kasserver.com                             #Generic
keymachine.de                             #Generic
linode.com                                #Generic
liquidweb.com                             #Generic
livedns.co.uk                             #Generic
locaweb.com.br                            #Generic
lolipop.jp                                #Generic
loopia.se                                 #Generic
lwsdns.com                                #Generic
managed-vps.net                           #Generic
markmonitor.com                           #Generic
mars.orderbox-dns.com                     #Generic
masterhost.ru                             #Generic
master.parkovka.ua                        #Generic
matbao.com                                #Generic
mediatemple.net                           #Generic
mercury.orderbox-dns.com                  #Generic
messagingengine.com                       #Generic
mihanwebhost.com                          #Generic
misspark.com                              #Generic
mixhost.jp                                #Generic
mschosting.com                            #Generic
msshost.com                               #Generic
mt.ns.els-gms.att.net                     #Generic
muumuu-domain.com                         #Generic
mydomain.com                              #Generic
myfcloud.com                              #Generic
myhostadmin.net                           #Generic
mysecurecloudhost.com                     #Generic
mywhc.ca                                  #Generic
nacault1.armadaservers.com                #Generic
namebrightdns.com                         #Generic
namecheaphosting.com                      #Generic
name.com                                  #Generic
nameserver1.co.za                         #Generic
nameserver2.co.za                         #Generic
nameserver3.co.za                         #Generic
nameserver4.co.za                         #Generic
nameserver.net.au                         #Generic
name-services.com                         #Generic
nametime.com                              #Generic
natrohost.com                             #Generic
netafraz.com                              #Generic
netangels.ru                              #Generic
netbox.pcshs.com                          #Generic
netcup.net                                #Generic
netfirms.com                              #Generic
netregistry.net                           #Generic
niagahoster.com                           #Generic
nic.ru                                    #Generic
not.defined                               #Generic
ns0.com                                   #Generic
ns14.net                                  #Generic
ns1.epik,com                              #Generic
ns1fozzy.easyonnet.com                    #Generic
ns2.epik,com                              #Generic
ns2fozzy.easyonnet.com                    #Generic
ns3.epik,com                              #Generic
ns4.epik,com                              #Generic
ns.active24.cz                            #Generic
ns.arvancdn.ir                            #Generic
ns.cloudflare.com                         #Generic
nsk.park-web.ru                           #Generic
ns-not-in-service.com                     #Generic
ns.orangewebsite.com                      #Generic
ns.porkbun.com                            #Generic
o2switch.net                              #Generic
one.com                                   #Generic
online.net.deleted.bookmyname.net         #Generic
openprovider.be                           #Generic
openprovider.eu                           #Generic
openprovider.nl                           #Generic
orderbox-dns.com                          #Generic
otherdns.com                              #Generic
otherdns.net                              #Generic
ovh.net                                   #Generic
ovh-vous-heberge.com                      #Generic
p01.nsone.net                             #Generic
p02.nsone.net                             #Generic
p03.nsone.net                             #Generic
p04.nsone.net                             #Generic
p05.nsone.net                             #Generic
p06.nsone.net                             #Generic
p07.nsone.net                             #Generic
p08.nsone.net                             #Generic
pair.com                                  #Generic
pananames.com                             #Generic
parker.com                                #Generic
parking.by                                #Generic
parking.ru                                #Generic
parking.st                                #Generic
parkme.com.au                             #Generic
parkmedya.org                             #Generic
parkovka.ua                               #Generic
parkpage.foundationapi.com                #Generic
pavietnam.net                             #Generic
pavietnam.vn                              #Generic
pcshs.com                                 #Generic
phase8.net                                #Generic
private-nameserver.net                    #Generic
privatesystems.net                        #Generic
promdns.net                               #Generic
rackspace.com                             #Generic
radicenter.com                            #Generic
radicenter.ee                             #Generic
radicenter.eu                             #Generic
radicenter.fi                             #Generic
regery.net                                #Generic
register.com                              #Generic
register.it                               #Generic
registrar.eu                              #Generic
registrar-servers.com                     #Generic
reg.ru                                    #Generic
regzone.cz                                #Generic
regzone.de                                #Generic
regzone.info                              #Generic
rocketspark.com                           #Generic
root-dns.netcup.net                       #Generic
rumahweb.biz                              #Generic
rumahweb.com                              #Generic
rumahweb.net                              #Generic
rumahweb.org                              #Generic
rzone.de                                  #Generic
second-dns.netcup.net                     #Generic
second-ns.com                             #Generic
second-ns.de                              #Generic
secureparkme.com                          #Generic
serveradd.com                             #Generic
share-dns.com                             #Generic
share-dns.net                             #Generic
simply.com                                #Generic
siteground.net                            #Generic
sitesale.ru                               #Generic
smartname.com                             #Generic
spaceweb.pro                              #Generic
spaceweb.ru                               #Generic
sphere.ad.jp                              #Generic
sphostserver.com                          #Generic
sprinthost.ru                             #Generic
squarespacedns.com                        #Generic
srv53.com                                 #Generic
srv53.net                                 #Generic
srv53.org                                 #Generic
stabletransit.com                         #Generic
stackdns.com                              #Generic
stackpathdns.net                          #Generic
supercp.com                               #Generic
superhosting.bg                           #Generic
sureserver.com                            #Generic
systemdns.com                             #Generic
taoa.com                                  #Generic
tarhelypark.hu                            #Generic
technorail.com                            #Generic
thecloudwebsiteserver.com                 #Generic
thecloudwebsiteserver.net                 #Generic
thecloudwebsiteserver.org                 #Generic
thednscloud.com                           #Generic
third-dns.netcup.net                      #Generic
timeweb.org                               #Generic
timeweb.ru                                #Generic
tmag.de                                   #Generic
tmdcloud.com                              #Generic
topdns.com                                #Generic
transip.eu                                #Generic
transip.net                               #Generic
transip.nl                                #Generic
trouble-free.net                          #Generic
turbify.com                               #Generic
turhost.com                               #Generic
twinpalmshotelsandresorts.com             #Generic
udag.de                                   #Generic
udag.net                                  #Generic
udag.org                                  #Generic
ui-dns.biz                                #Generic
ui-dns.com                                #Generic
ui-dns.de                                 #Generic
ui-dns.org                                #Generic
ui-global-dns.biz                         #Generic
ui-global-dns.com                         #Generic
ui-global-dns.de                          #Generic
ui-global-dns.org                         #Generic
ultradns.biz                              #Generic
ultradns.com                              #Generic
ultradns.net                              #Generic
ultradns.org                              #Generic
value-domain.com                          #Generic
venus.orderbox-dns.com                    #Generic
vercel-dns.com                            #Generic
vhost1-de.parkovka.ua                     #Generic
vhost2-de.parkovka.ua                     #Generic
vivawebhost.com                           #Generic
webdomain.info                            #Generic
webempresa.eu                             #Generic
web-hosting.com                           #Generic
webhotel24.se                             #Generic
webhotelli.fi                             #Generic
webhotellit.com                           #Generic
websitewelcome.com                        #Generic
wedos.com                                 #Generic
wedos.cz                                  #Generic
wedos.eu                                  #Generic
wedos.net                                 #Generic
whois.com                                 #Generic
wix.com                                   #Generic
wixdns.net                                #Generic
wordpress.com                             #Generic
worldnic.com                              #Generic
xincache.com                              #Generic
xserver.jp                                #Generic
xundns.com                                #Generic
yahoo.com                                 #Generic
yandex.net                                #Generic
your-server.de                            #Generic
zomro.com                                 #Generic
zomro.net                                 #Generic
zomro.ru                                  #Generic
zomro.su                                  #Generic
zonedata.net                              #Generic
zone.ee                                   #Generic
zone.eu                                   #Generic


##############################################
#   Other
##############################################
bigcommerce.com                           #Shopping_BigCommerce
cloud-c75802.managed-vps.net              #Scam_Guns
dan.com                                   #Dan
edoms.biz                                 #Edoms
sedo.com                                  #Sedo
tinyurl.com                               #ULR Shortener


##############################################
#   Parked / For Sale
##############################################
above.com                                     #Parked
abovedomains.com                              #Parked
afternic.com                                  #Parked
bodis.com                                     #Parked
buynow.nametime.com                           #Parked
cashparking.com                               #Parked
dnparking.com                                 #Parked
dns1-parking.masterweb.com                    #Parked
dns2-parking.masterweb.com                    #Parked
dnsparking.com                                #Parked
dns.park.io                                   #Parked
domainexpired.be                              #Parked
domain-for-sale.se                            #Parked
domainhasexpired.com                          #Parked
domain-is-4-sale-at-domainmarket.com          #Parked
domainparking.ru                              #Parked
domexpire.com                                 #Parked
expire1.mysrsx.com                            #Parked
expire2.mysrsx.com                            #Parked
expired1.axelname.ru                          #Parked
expired1.domainshop.ru                        #Parked
expired1.maff.com                             #Parked
expired1.privacy.com.ua                       #Parked
expired1.virtualns.net                        #Parked
expired1.web4africa.com                       #Parked
expired2.axelname.ru                          #Parked
expired2.domainshop.ru                        #Parked
expired2.maff.com                             #Parked
expired2.privacy.com.ua                       #Parked
expired2.virtualns.net                        #Parked
expired2.web4africa.com                       #Parked
expired.34sp.com                              #Parked
expired.aab.ru                                #Parked
expired.active.domains                        #Parked
expired.ardis.ru                              #Parked
expired.beget.com                             #Parked
expired-bkk1.cloud.z.com                      #Parked
expired.brandsight-dns.com                    #Parked
expireddomain.hyp.net                         #Parked
expireddomains.net4india.com                  #Parked
expireddomains.register.com                   #Parked
expired.domenus.ru                            #Parked
expired-han1.cloud.z.com                      #Parked
expired.homestead.com                         #Parked
expired.jp                                    #Parked
expired.maxname.ru                            #Parked
expired.net.pl                                #Parked
expired-ns1.niceisp.com                       #Parked
expired-ns2.niceisp.com                       #Parked
expiredns.net                                 #Parked
expired.page                                  #Parked
expired.reg.ru                                #Parked
expired.ru                                    #Parked
expired-sin1.cloud.z.com                      #Parked
expired.sprintnames.ru                        #Parked
expired.timeweb.ru                            #Parked
expired.uniregistry-dns.com                   #Parked
expire.kouming.net                            #Parked
expirepausedns.com                            #Parked
expiring.salenames.ru                         #Parked
fastpark.net                                  #Parked
forsale.nametime.com                          #Parked
fundomainparking.com                          #Parked
ibspark.com                                   #Parked
irandomainparking.com                         #Parked
isexpired.net                                 #Parked
namefind.com                                  #Parked
name.has.expired.ispapi.net                   #Parked
ns01.cashparking.com                          #Parked
ns02.cashparking.com                          #Parked
ns1.above.com                                 #Parked
ns1.abovedomains.com                          #Parked
ns1.dnsparking.com                            #Parked
ns1.domainparking.ru                          #Parked
ns1.sslparking.com                            #Parked
ns2.above.com                                 #Parked
ns2.abovedomains.com                          #Parked
ns2.dnsparking.com                            #Parked
ns2.domainparking.ru                          #Parked
ns2.sslparking.com                            #Parked
ns.ai                                         #Parked
park1.livedns.co.il                           #Parked
park2.livedns.co.il                           #Parked
park7.ru                                      #Parked
parkco1.neustar.biz                           #Parked
parkco2.neustar.biz                           #Parked
parkdomainwithait.com                         #Parked
parkina.com                                   #Parked
parking1.whc.ca                               #Parked
parking2.whc.ca                               #Parked
parkingcrew.net                               #Parked
parking-page.net                              #Parked
parkingspa.com                                #Parked
parking.tophost.ch                            #Parked
park.i-now.cn                                 #Parked
park.i-now.com                                #Parked
parklogic.com                                 #Parked
parkpage.in                                   #Parked
parktons.com                                  #Parked
pendingrenewaldeletion.com                    #Parked
pending-renewal-domain.com                    #Parked
pendingrenewdelete.com                        #Parked
pendingtrd.com                                #Parked
please-renew-your-domain-in.22.cn             #Parked
please-renew-your-domain-in-www.22.cn         #Parked
please-renew-your-domain-in-www.gname.com     #Parked
please-renew-your-domain-in-www.juminghk.com  #Parked
radinko.com                                   #Parked
renewyourexpireddomain.com                    #Parked
renewyourname.net                             #Parked
rondpark.com                                  #Parked
salenames.ru                                  #Parked
salepage.com                                  #Parked
sav.com                                       #Parked
sedoparking.com                               #Parked
sedopark.net                                  #Parked
selvapark.ir                                  #Parked
shop.reg.ru                                   #Parked
snparking.ru                                  #Parked
suspended-domain.com                          #Parked
the-domain-name-is-for-sale.com               #Parked
this-domain-for-sale.com                      #Parked
thisdomainhasexpired.net                      #Parked
tldparked.com                                 #Parked
ukit-expired.com                              #Parked
us.parkmy.name                                #Parked
yourdomainhasexpired.com                      #Parked
yourdomainisexpired.com                       #Parked


##############################################
#  Company
##############################################
highschoolnetwork.net                     #Company [Education] 
sega.co.uk                                #Company [Entertainment] Sega
warnerbros.com                            #Company [Entertainment] Warner Bros.
smith-wesson.net                          #Company [Firearms] Smith & Wesson
pattersoncompanies.com                    #Company [Health] Patterson Companies
stanfordhotels.com                        #Company [Hotel] Stanford Hotels
1800theomni.com                           #Company [Hotel] The Omni
deere.com                                 #Company [Manufacturing] John Deere
ns.apple.com                              #Company [Tech] Apple
dell.com                                  #Company [Tech] Dell
hp.com                                    #Company [Tech] Hewlett Packard
porsche.asia                              #Company [Vehicle] Porsche
porsche.ch                                #Company [Vehicle] Porsche
porsche.com                               #Company [Vehicle] Porsche
porsche.de                                #Company [Vehicle] Porsche
1hotelsolution.com                        #Company [Web Design] 1 Hotel Solution
collegewebpro.com                         #Company [Web Design] College Web Pro
educationalnetworks.net                   #Company [Web Design] Educational Networks
hotelsathome.com                          #Company [Web Design] Hotels At Home
collegextra.com                           #Company [Web Design] Union Street Media
collegextra.net                           #Company [Web Design] Union Street Media

salesforce.com                            #Company [?] SalesForce
salesforce-dns.com                        #Company [?] SalesForce
